Added SCA workflow description (#94)
transferwise/api-docs: source/includes/_payouts.md

If a request is being made using an IP address that is not in the whitelisted IP addresses,
the server will respond with a [401 Unauthorized HTTP status code](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7235#page-6).

### Strong customer authentication

There are some actions that require additional authentication.

In those cases a 403 is returned together with a one-time token (OTT) value which needs 
to be signed and the resulting signature included in the retry of the original request.

We use a digital signature scheme based on public-key cryptography. It involves creating a
signature using a private key on the client side and verifying the signature authenticity on

> the server side using the corresponding public key the client has uploaded.

Author: This section provides a brief description of what public-key cryptography is. The actual workflow user should follow is defined below.

> the server side using the corresponding public key the client has uploaded.

Reviewer: ok, lets keep it as is.
I think the last line might be better  to say:
using the corresponding public key of the client

To call the endpoints requiring additional authentication:

* Create a key pair
* Upload the public key to TransferWise
* Set up response handling to retry with the signed OTT

**Creating the key pair**

> Keys can be generated with the [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) toolkit:

```bash
$ openssl genrsa -out private.pem 2048
$ openssl rsa -pubout -in private.pem -out public.pem
```

The following requirements apply:

* The cryptographic algorithm is RSA.
* Key length is at least 2048 bits.
* The public key is stored in PEM file format using a `.pem` file extension.

**Managing uploaded public keys**

> The public keys management page can be accessed from the Public keys section of the Settings page in your TransferWise

Author: I rephrased it this way:
```
The public keys management page can be accessed via Manage public keys button under the API tokens section 
of your TransferWise account settings.
```
WDYT?

account.

While adding a new public key you'll be prompted for 2FA.

> Note that to prevent abuse the number of public keys you can have stored is limited to 5.

Author: `can have stored` means `the number of items in storage at any moment of time`, while `can store` is less explicit IMO, it could be interpreted as `the number of files went through upload process` not including the deleted ones. Does my concern makes sense to you?

> Note that to prevent abuse the number of public keys you can have stored is limited to 5.

Reviewer: I think can have stored is not correct in terms of English.
Maybe to make it a bit more clear 
```suggestion
Note that to prevent abuse, the maximum number of public keys you can store at any point of time is limited to 5.
```

**Signing the data**

> The digital signature algorithm we use is *SHA256 with RSA* (SHA256 hash of the data is signed with RSA). There are 

Author: I rephrased it this way:
```
We will only accept the signatures created with *SHA256 with RSA* (SHA256 hash of the data is signed with RSA) algorithm.
```
since we accept the signature itself, not the algorithm. WDYT?

-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
```

> 4\. Client repeats the initial request with the addition of the one-time token and the signature headers:

```bash
$ curl -X POST 'https://api.sandbox.transferwise.tech/v3/profiles/{profileId}/transfers/{transferId}/payments' \
       -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
       -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your api token>' \
       -H 'x-2fa-approval: be2f6579-9426-480b-9cb7-d8f1116cc8b9' \
       -H 'X-Signature: RjXBO5SpAuMGdgTyqPryOt8AyIKY0t5gHqj36MzR2UwH9SvSY1V1wKIQCqXRvLMLyWBGXDkLvv9JdAni+H87k3hsClRiyfpdzcg3uOP+d/jSagNDSjHixPh4/rWQh+eEhBRo4V+pPBH+r5APtIwFY/fvvdMbZ/QnnmcPHxi/t7uS7+qvRZCC17q47T0ZpSwEK9x+nG/wcJ4S4Yrk0E2yQlLz8F35C+E2gt/KGTt6Tf5z6GonM1H2gJWoHpxuOUomh09b/k3teLjIfEirWmnO2XuOe0oDCUH8i10dokzk+QrM4t/Yv/Rb18JvTeugDAKMydGo7KTgqKGCXZauicX0Ew==' \
       -d '{"type": "BALANCE"}'
```

> 5\. Client receives the processed response with authentication status `APPROVED`:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Fri, 03 Jan 2020 12:34:56 GMT
Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8
x-2fa-approval-result: APPROVED

{
  "type": "BALANCE",
  "status": "COMPLETED",
  "errorCode": null
}
```

1. Client makes a request which requires strong authentication.

> 2. The request is declined with HTTP status `403 / Forbidden` and the following headers 

Author: What about rephrasing it this way:
```
The request is declined with HTTP status '403 / Forbidden' and the following response headers present
```
?

> 2. The request is declined with HTTP status `403 / Forbidden` and the following headers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The request is declined with HTTP status '403 / Forbidden' with the following additional response headers
```
WDYT?

  * `X-2FA-Approval-Result`: `REJECTED`
  * `X-2FA-Approval` containing the one-time token (OTT) value which is what needs to be signed
3. Client signs the OTT with the private key corresponding to a public key previously uploaded for 
signature verification.
4. Client repeats the initial request with the OTT provided in the `X-2FA-Approval` header value and the signed OTT in 
the `X-Signature` header value.  

Note: as the name implies, a one-time token can be used only once. If it was successfully processed then further 
requests with the same token signature will be rejected.

### TEST and LIVE environments

> * You can access the Sandbox API at [https://api.sandbox.transferwise.tech](https://api.sandbox.transferwise.tech)

Author: This is out of scope of my changes, would prefer leave it as it is.

       -d '{"type": "BALANCE"}'
```

> 5\. Client receives the processed response with authentication status `APPROVED`:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Fri, 03 Jan 2020 12:34:56 GMT
Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8
x-2fa-approval-result: APPROVED

{
  "type": "BALANCE",
  "status": "COMPLETED",
  "errorCode": null
}
```

1. Client makes a request which requires strong authentication.
2. The request is declined with HTTP status `403 / Forbidden` with the following response headers 
  * `X-2FA-Approval-Result`: `REJECTED`
  * `X-2FA-Approval` containing the one-time token (OTT) value which is what needs to be signed
3. Client signs the OTT with the private key corresponding to a public key previously uploaded for 
signature verification.
4. Client repeats the initial request with the OTT provided in the `X-2FA-Approval` request header and the signed OTT in 
the `X-Signature` request header.  

Note: as the name implies, a one-time token can be used only once. If it was successfully processed then further 
requests with the same token signature will be rejected.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we should also add a section about how they can test it in sandbox. However, first we must agree on how it should work. I think the most user-friendly option would be having it toggleable from the settings page (sandbox only, not prod of course).
